---
title: 'SNL! (not the sketch but something better :p)'
date: 2025-06-16
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - Experiences
  - Grad school
  - Internship
---

My Summer at Sandia National Labs (from the UNM Campus!)
------
This past summer, I had the wonderful opportunity to intern with Sandia National Laboratories, one of the leading research institutions in the country. 
While many imagine lab internships as long days in high-security facilities surrounded by humming equipment, my experience was a little different. 
I worked from the University of New Mexico (UNM) campus in Albuquerque, just a short drive from Sandia’s gates, soaking in the city’s desert charm while connecting with brilliant minds from across the lab.

A Summer in the High Desert
------
Albuquerque has a personality of its own warm sun, sprawling mountains, and sunsets that feel hand-painted. 
Even though I wasn’t walking into Sandia every morning, there were occasional tours that happened in the national lab situated in the airforce base.
The tours were one of the best parts of the internship, we got to go to different lab and testing facilities and learn what they do.
We even went to the Los Alamos National Lab for a day tour where we had a fun mixer with the summer interns over there.
One tiny inconvenience I had was that I didn't have my car, and I so badly missed it in the scorching dry heat.

People Make the Place
------
What stood out most wasn’t just the technical work, it was the people. 
The team at Sandia brought together researchers from incredibly diverse backgrounds: engineers, material scientists, physicists, data analysts — all collaborating toward big, ambitious goals. 
It was inspiring to see how smoothly smart people with expertise from different fields came together.
Beyond the lab meetings and project discussions, I got to know several Sandians (as they call themselves) who shared their journeys from early career stories to personal passions outside the lab. 
Those conversations reminded me that research is as much about human connection as it is about equations and simulations.


Looking Back
------
The internshsip passed by so quick, it was a 8 week internship (the shortest I have done so far but one of the most productive ones too!).
By the end of the internship, I felt deeply grateful not just for the research experience, but for the community I became a small part of. 
Albuquerque may have been my temporary home, but the friendships and mentorship I found through Sandia made it a summer I’ll always look back on fondly.

And here are few cool pictures of Albuquerque, and me...











